### The goal of the project was to implement RAG technology on a selected text

For this purpose, the text of Robinson Crusoe was used, and all implementations
were developed in the form of an application resembling a chatbot that answers
questions related to the book. 
The Streamlit library was used - for creating simple applications, enabling intuitive use of available functionalities even for non-technical users. The
Robinson Chatbot application is designed to enable asking questions related to
reading and generating answers through LLM models - based on the provided
extended context.
### Main functionalities of the application
The application enables several basic functionalities:
1. <span style="color: red;">**Asking questions in chat**</span> - the user can ask a question related to the
content of the reading used.
2. <span style="color: red;">**Using ready-made sample prompts**</span> - the user selects options from a
list of specially prepared prompts.
3. <span style="color: red;">**Generating responses by chatbot**</span> - based on the extended context of
the question - the AI model generates an answer related to the content of
the reading.
4. <span style="color: red;">**Ability to select an AI model**</span> - the user selects the model from the
drop-down list that will be responsible for generating the response.
5. <span style="color: red;">**Tracking the costs of using AI models**</span> - the user can check how much
individual queries and answers generated by AI cost.
6. <span style="color: red;">**Conversation editability**</span> - the user has the ability to create new conversations, switch between them and change their names.
7. <span style="color: red;">**Giving awareness to the chatbot**</span> - the user can experiment and change
the chatbot’s personality and observe the impact of individual settings on
the generated responses.
All these functionalities are combined into one interactive application that anyone can use - without the need for specialist knowledge.
